what's up guys is juicy warrior and
today at a salad I make a video about
stun guns and GTA online so in the past
I don't know two days I've seen a lot of
people making a bunch of videos getting
all hyped saying that Rockstar will be
adding the stun gun to GTA online and
coming up with all these ridiculous
ideas on why they think so this started
off when a couple people started showing
screenshots or pictures of them with a
stun gun but really in reality it's just
another is 0 mod as you can see all the
pedestrians in my game have stun guns I
have a stun gun it's not that big of a
deal it takes two seconds to mod the
game and people should stop making these
videos about weapons being added to the
game that aren't already there these
mods will be getting more popular and
popular as time goes on and more things
will be added so just get ready sooner
or later it is going to be mod menus and
things like in GTA 4 so yeah I'm
basically just showing you that everyone
has some guns and people shouldn't be
surprised when someone in their game has
a son gun as well so if you guys enjoyed
this video you can keep watching I'm
just going to be showing the sound guy
some the other gun mods but if you did
enjoy it please don't forget to leave a
like rating down below leave a comment
telling me what you thought and as
always guys this has been juicy waffle
and i'll see you in the next one peace
you